# charge4e-superconductivity
Code for charge-4e superconductivity model

This folder contains the source code necessary to reproduce the data
in arXiv:2312.13348, "Charge-4e superconductivity in a Hubbard model",
as well as the jupyter notebook "plot_results_iDMRG.ipnyb" that opens and plots the data.
The file "tenpy_env.yml" contains the environment information with which the data
in arXiv:2312.13348 was generated.

The python scripts and jupyter notebooks in this folder are:

    (1) "charge4e_iDMRG.py"
        This script defines the charge-4e model, the charge-2e model,
        a "run" function that runs the iDMRG on either of the models,
        and a series of helper function that allow to compute the correlations, 
        and the particle number fluctuations on the iDMRG ground state.

        The script runs the iDMRG on the charge-4e model, and results are stored
        in the folder "./iDMRG_charge4e".

    (2) "charge2e_iDMRG.py"
        This script imports the charge-2e model and "run" function from (1),
        and runs the iDMRg algorithm on the charge-2e model, and results are stored
        in the folder "./iDMRG_charge2e".

    (3) "transfer_matrix.py"
        This script imports files from the "./iDMRG_charge4e" or "./iDMRG_charge2e" folders,
        depending on the selected model (either charge-4e or charge-2e),
        and evaluates the transfer matrix spectrum and overlaps. The results are stored
        in the folder "./TransferMatrix".

    (4) "charge4e_iDMRG_susceptibility.py"
        This script imports the charge-4e model and "run" function from (1),
        and evaluates the ground state with different values of the mean-field
        superconducting perturbation. The results are stored
        in the folder "./iDMRG_charge4e_susceptibility".
    
    (5) "effective_spin_iDMRG.py"
        This script defines the effective spin-1/2 model that describes the
        low energy theory of the charge-4e model, and runs the iDMRG algorithm
        on the effective model.
    
    (6) "plot_results_iDMRG.ipnyb"
        This jupyter notebook opens the data files generated by the scripts
        (1), (2), (3), and plots the results.
